en,zh: add release note 1.3.3 (#1826)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/releases/release-1.3.3.md

---
title: TiDB Operator 1.3.3 Release Notes
---

# TiDB Operator 1.3.3 Release Notes

Release date: May 16, 2022

TiDB Operator version: 1.3.3

## New Feature

> - Add a new field `spec.tidb.service.port` to customize tidb service port ([#4512](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4512), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new field `spec.tidb.service.port` to customize the tidb service port ([#4512](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4512), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))
```

> - Add a new field `spec.tidb.service.port` to customize tidb service port ([#4512](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4512), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new field `spec.tidb.service.port` to customize the tidb service port ([#4512](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4512), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))
```

> - Add a new field `spec.tidb.service.port` to customize the tidb service port ([#4512](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4512), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

Reviewer 2: Please also add RN for 4498, 4490, 4500

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pulls?q=is%3Apr+milestone%3Av1.3.3+is%3Aclosed

Author: Updated [2aedd6d](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-tidb-operator/pull/1826/commits/2aedd6d967168a3d7b977a1c0303f7366aca8fc8)

> ## Bug fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bug fix
```

> - Fix the issue evict leader scheduler may leak when upgrading cluster ([#4522](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4522), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that evict leader scheduler may leak during cluster upgrade ([#4522](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4522), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))
```

> - Fix the issue evict leader scheduler may leak when upgrading cluster ([#4522](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4522), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that evict leader scheduler may leak during cluster upgrade ([#4522](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4522), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))
```

---
title: TiDB Operator 1.3.3 Release Notes
---

# TiDB Operator 1.3.3 Release Notes

Release date: May 16, 2022

TiDB Operator version: 1.3.3

## New Feature

- Add a new field `spec.tidb.service.port` to customize the tidb service port ([#4512](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4512), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

## Bug fixes

- Fix the issue that evict leader scheduler may leak during cluster upgrade ([#4522](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4522), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

- Update the base image of `tidb-backup-manager` to fix incompatibility with ARM architecture ([#4490](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4490), [@better0332](https://github.com/better0332))

> - Fix the issue that operator may panic when tidb Service don't have any Endpoints ([#4500](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4500), [@mikechengwei](https://github.com/mikechengwei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that TiDB Operator may panic when tidb Service does not have any Endpoints ([#4500](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4500), [@mikechengwei](https://github.com/mikechengwei))
```

> - Fix the issue that Labels and Annotations of component Pods may lost after retrying access Kubernetes server ([#4498](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4498), [@duduainankai](https://github.com/duduainankai))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that Labels and Annotations of the component Pods may be lost after TiDB Operator fails to access the Kubernetes server and retries ([#4498](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4498), [@duduainankai](https://github.com/duduainankai))
```
